MR: 378 國 立 臺灣 大 學 109 學 年 度 碩士 班 招生 考試 試題
科目 : 資 訊 科技 概論 HAR: 378
fick: 6 共 3 頁 之 第 | 頁

一 、 選 擇 題 CRE) 20 題 , 每 題 2.5 分 , 共 50 分, 請 在 每 題 的 選項 內 選擇 最 適當 的 答 崇 。

注意 : 答 錯 倒 扣 1 分 , 扣 至 零 分 為 止 。( 不 答 不 倒 扣 )

※ 注意 : 請 用 2B 鉛筆 作答 於 答案 卡 。 並 先 詳 閱 答 襟 卡 上 之 「 畫 記 說 明 j。

1. [jimobjectroriented programming, the concept of hiding internal state and requiring all
interaction to be performed through an object’s methods is known as (A) Abstraction GB)
Encapsulation (C) Inheritance (D) Polymorphism (E) Enveloping.

2. [ Which of the following access modifiers in object-oriented programming specifies that
only the current class and subclasses (and sometimes also same-package classes) of this class will
have access to the field or method been defined? (A) internal (B) private (C) protected (D) class
public (E) none of the above.

3. | Which of the following about Python programming language is wrong? (A) it supports
functional programming style coding (B) it supports object-oriented programming (C) it supports
procedural style coding (D) it supports imperative programming style coding (E) all of the above
are correct (choose this one only if none of the above can be chosen).

4, [ | Which of the following about Python programming language is wrong? (A) it is a
general-purpose programming language (B) it is statically-typed (C) it procedural can be executed
by an interpreter (D) it uses whitespace indentation to delimit blocks (E) all of the above are
correct (choose this one only if none of the above can be chosen).

, 5. [ Which of the following best describes a software delivery model that is deployed and
managed on a vendor’s cloud computing infrastructure and accessed by users over the Internet as
. and when required? (A) On-demand software (B) pay-as-you-go (C) open source (D) mobile '
software (E) code-on-demand.

; 6. CL Google App Engine is best characterized as an example of (A) Infrastructure-as-a-
service (B) Software-as-a-service (C) App-as-a-service (D) Platform-as-a-service (E) Network-as-
a-service,

7. [ Which of the following is generally not characterized as a mobile payment service? (A)
LINE Pay (B) Pi 錢包 (C) 街 口 (D) 台 灣 Pay (E) WRB.

8. [| Which of the following best describes 5G’s speed? (A) 10-100Mbps (B) 100-500Mbps
(C) 300Mbps-1 Gbps (D) 1-10Gbps (E) 10-100Gbps

9. [ In computer networks, which of the following refers to a server that acts as an
intermediary for requests from clients seeking resources (such as a file or web page) from servers
that provide those resources. (A) cache (B) proxy (C) load balancing (D) firewall (E) none of the
above.

10. [ In computer networks, which of the following servers is responsible for resolving a
name like www.im.ntu.edu.tw to its IP address? (A) URL server (B) web server (C) HTTP servers
(D) exchange server (E) none of the above.

11. [_____] Which of the following is wrong? (A) IPv4 uses a 32-bit address space (B) IPv6 uses a
120-bit address space (C) IPv6 is intended to replace IPv4 (D) IPv6 is the most recent version of
the Internet Protocol (IP) (E) all of the above are correct (choose this one only if none of the above
can be chosen).

12. [ Which of the following network technology is most widely used in local area networks?
(A) Ethernet (B) Token Ring (C) FDDI (D) ARCNET (E) none of the above.

13. [J A bit is a check bit that is added to a block of data to ensure that the total number

’ of 1-bits in the string is even or odd. (A) spin (B) recovery (C) parity (D) detection (E) singularity.
