: 2
MR: 381 國 立 臺 灣 大 學 106 學 年 度 碩士 班 招生 考試 試題
Aa: 資訊 科技 概論 HAR: 381
wk: 6 RO 頁 之 第 之 買
none of the above can be chosen). .

6. New applications, processes, products, or business models that aim at providing financial services by making
use of software and modern technology: (A) Bank 3.0 (B) Bank 4.0 (C) Fintech (D) Digital Finance (E) ,
Financial Revolution.

7. Which of the following techniques plays a key role in AlphaGo that beat a 9-dan professional Go player in
March 2016? (A) biomedical informatics (B) genetic algorithm (C) deep learning (D) expert system (E)
cognitive learning.

8. Which of the following is not widely regarded as a characteristic of big data? (A) high volume (B) high
velocity (C) high variety (D) potentially high value (E) ail of the above are characteristics of big data.

9. A technique for transferring multimedia so that media data can be constantly received by and presented to an
end-user while being delivered by a provider: (A) multimedia authoring (B) streaming (C) live broadcasting
(D) multicasting (E) real time media.

10. Which of the following best describes economic and social inequality with regard to access to, use of, or
impact of information and communication technologies (ICT)? (A) information asymmetry (B) information
inequality (C) digital divide (D) knowledge gap (BE) digital right.

11. Which of the following is wrong? (A) In an odd parity system the total number of bit ‘1’ in a word, including
the added parity bit, is always an odd number (B) If the word (including parity bit) is 0110 1011 1, then in
an odd parity system we can absolutely be sure that the word has an error inside (C) if the word (including
parity bit) is 0110 1001 0, then in an even parity system we can absolutely be sure that the word has no error
inside (D) parity bit is used to detect errors (E) all of the above are correct (choose this only if none of the
above can be chosen).

12. When cache is full, some elements need to be removed to empty space for new elements. Which of the
following strategyies in general has better performance than the others? (A) remove the element which has
been used the least number of times during its stay in the cache (B) remove the element which has been used
the most number of times during its stay in the cache (C) remove the element which has not been used the
longest time since it enters the cache (D) remove the element which stays in the cache the longest time (E)
replace the element which stays in the cache the shortest time.

13. A type of firmware used to perform hardware initialization during the booting process of a computer: (A)
BIOS (B) CMOS (C) ROM (D) kemel (E) DOS.

14, Animplementation of virtual memory usually divides a virtual address space into blocks of contiguous virtual
memory addresses, referred to as so that they can be swapped between real memory and external

. storage. (A) segments (B) pages (C) sectors (D) zones (E) none of the above.

15. Which of the following is not a primary concern of using RAID (redundant array of independent disks)? (A)
improve fault tolerance (B) improve system performance (C) improve data security (D) increase storage
capacity (E) all of the above are correct (choose this one only if none of the above can be chosen),

16. Which of the following best describes Kickstarter.com? (A) a P2P lending site (B) a crowdsourcing site (C)
a crowdfunding site (D) a microfunding site (E) a C2C e-commerce site.

17. Which of the following terms is commonly used to describe sites like Udacity, Coursera, and edX? (A) self-
paced online courses (B) massive open online courses (C) major online open courses (D) self-learning open
online courses (E) flipped open online courses. :

18. Which of the following descriptions about Ethernet is wrong? (A) it is commonly used in local area networks
(LANs) (B) it uses random backoff to resolve collisions (C) it is a bus based broadcast network (D) 10BASE-
T and L00BASE-TX are commonly used cables for Ethernet networks (E) all of the above are correct (choose
this only if none of the above can be chosen). .

19. Which of the following about TCP/UDP port assignments is wrong? (A) HTTP uses port 80 (B) File Transfer
Protocol (FTP) control uses port 21 (C) port numbers range from 0 to 65536 (D) port numbers 0~2048 are
reserved for privileged services and designated as well-known ports (E) all of the above are correct (choose
this only if none of the above can be chosen).

20. Which of the following about the Open Systems Interconnection (OSI) reference model is wrong? (A) Layer
3 is Network Layer (B) Layer 5 is Session Layer (C) SMTP belongs to Layer 7 (D) TCP belongs to Layer 4
(E) all of the above are correct (choose this only if none of the above can be chosen).

21. Which of the following about object-oriented programming is wrong? (A) Java is an object-oriented
programming language (B) C++ is an object-oriented programming language (C) code reuse is achieved

»
BAH
