題 號 : 386 國 立 臺 灣 大 學 107 學 年 度 碩士 班 招生 考試 試題

科目 : 資訊 科 技 概論 HAH 986

Mr: 6 #3 頁 之 第 之 頁
non-repeatable read (D) lost update (E) none of the above.

8. Which of the following about Open Systems Interconnection (OSI) reference model is wrong? (A) Layer 3
is Network Layer (B) Layer 6 is Presentation (C) IP belongs to Layer 3 (D) UDP belongs to Layer 4 (E) all
of the above are correct (choose this only if none of the above can be chosen).

9. Which of the following is a computer network authentication protocol that works on the basis of tickets to
allow nodes communicating over a non-secure network to prove their identity to one another in a secure
manner? (A) Kerkeros (B) Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (C) Secure Remote Password protocol
(SRP) (D) Internet Key Exchange (E) none of the above.

10. Which of the following is relatively not a main concern of the HTTPS protocol? (A) authentication of the
accessed website (B) protection of communication privacy (C) protection of man-in-the-middle attacks (D)
fault tolerance (E) protection of tampering of the communication.

11. Which of the following about digital certificate is wrong? (A) the “Serial Number” field in a digital certificate
is used to track revocation information (B) the “Issuer” field specifies the entity that verified the information
and signed the certificate (C) it needs to contain the certificate owner’s public key (D) X.509 is a standard
that defines the format of public key certificates (E) all of the above are correct (choose this only if none of
the above can be chosen).

12. Which of the following about Single Sign-On (SSO) is wrong? (A) it reduces password fatigue from different
user name and password combinations (3) it reduces time spent re-entering passwords for the same identity
(C) log-in with Facebook account is an example of SSO (D) log-in with Google account is an example of
SSO (E) ail of the above are correct (choose this only if none of the above can be chosen),

13. Which of the following enables users to send and receive data across shared or public networks as if their
computing devices were directly connected to the private network? (A) Transport Layer Security (B) Secure
Sockets Layer (C) Virtual Private Network (D) Network Address Translation (E) none of the above.

14, Which of the following is not a file system? (A) Hierarchical File System (HFS) (B) New Technology File
System (NTFS) (C) Extended File Allocation Table (exFAT) (D) third extended filesystem (ext3) (E)
Microsoft Disk Operating System (MS-DOS).

15. Which of the following best describes a specialized hardware-dependent computer program which is also
operating system specific that enables another program to interact transparently with a hardware device? (A)
firmware (B) device driver (C) application programming interface (D) hardware platform interface (E)
intelligent platform management interface.

16. Which of the following is wrong? {A) the primary goal of CISC (Complex Instruction Set Computer)
architecture is to complete a task in as few lines of assembly code as possible (B) the RISC (Reduced
Instruction Set Computer) approach is designed to execute computing tasks with the simplest instructions in
the shortest amount of time possible (C) intel x86 architecture is typically considered as a CISC approach
(D) ARM architecture is typically considered as a RISC approach (E) all of the above are correct (choose
this only if none of the above can be chosen).

17. Which of the following refers to the act of creating a virtual version of something, including virtual computer
hardware platforms, storage devices, and computer network resources? (A) virtual reality (B) augmented
reality (C) virtualization (D) hypervisor (E) none of the above.

18. Which of the following about Bitcoin is wrong? (A) “mining” is a process to use a user’s computing power
to verify and record payments in the system (B) currently, new coins are created through the process of
“mining” (C) there is no central administrator involved in the issue of new coins (D) both money sender and
receiver do not need to know each other (other than a meaningless number) in money transfer (E) all of the
above are correct (choose this only if none of the above can be chosen).

19. Which of the following about the Blockchain technology used in Bitcoin is wrong? (A)'it is a continuously
growing list of “blocks” recording transaction history of the Bitcoin system (B) the blocks in a blockchain
can be distributed to different peers so that no peer is required to maintain the complete list of the blocks in
the system (C) all transactions in the blocks are kept anonymous and encrypted (D) blockchains are inherently
resistant to modification of the data that have been recorded into blocks (E) all of the above are correct
(choose this only if none of the above can be chosen).

20. Which of the following is correct about the CIA Triad of information security model? (A) “C” refers to
Control (B) “C” refers to Cryptography (C) “I” refers to Identification (D) “A” refers to Anonymous (B) “A”
refers to Availability.

21. Which of the following is not a symmetric encryption mechanism? (A) DES (B) IDEA (C) RSA (D) Caesar

接 次 頁
