vO

*
題 號 : 343 國 立 臺灣 大 學 111 學 年 度 碩士 班 招生 考試 試題 913
: . 全 題 號 :
科目 資訊 科 技 概論 a dP,
Hick: 6

一 、 選 擇 題 ( 單 選 ) 24 題 , $2.59, 共 60 分 , 請 在 每 題 的 選項 內 選擇 最 適當 的 答案 。

注意 : 答 錯 倒 扣 1 分 , 扣 至 零 分 為 止 。( 不 答 不 例 扣 )

1. [££] Which of the following is wrong about OS] Model? (A) layer 8 is Application (B) layer
5 is Session (C) layer 4 is Transport (D) layer 2 is Data Link (E) all of the above are correct
(choose this one only if none of the above can be chosen). :

2. LC] Which of the following is the industry standard protocol for email sending? (A) Simple
Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP) (B) Internet Message Access Protocol (IMAP) (C) Post Office
Protocol (D) Post Office Protocol 3 (POP3) (E) none of the above.

3. [___] Which of the following technique is used in data link layer for reliable and sequential
delivery of data packets while allowing multiple packets to be sent at a time to improve
efficiency? (A) automatic repeat request protocol (B) sliding window protocol (C) request and
acknowledgment protocol (D) multicast (E) none of the above.

4, | Which of the following is wrong about Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP)?
(A) it is used on Internet Protocol (IP) networks (B) it uses a client-server architecture (C) it
allows the automatic management of IP addresses (D) it offers great benefit to mobile users as
valid configuration parameters are automatically obtained from the new network (E) all of the
above are correct (choose this one only if none of the above can be chosen).

5. [___] Which of the following is wrong about virtualization technology? (A) network
virtualization divides one physical network into separate, independent virtual networks (B)
network virtualization can combine multiple physical networks to one virtual, software-based
network (C) CPU virtualization allows a single processor to act as if it was multiple individual
CPUs (D) CPU virtualization allows one to run multiple different operating systems on one
machine (E) all of the above are correct (choose this one only if none of the above can be chosen).

6. {___] Which of the following is wrong about Virtual machines (VMs)? (A) a VM is a
compute resource that uses software instead of a physical computer to run programs and deploy
apps (B) when more than one VMs run on a physical host machine, each virtual machine runs its
own operating system and functions separately from the other VMs (C) benefits of VMs include ,
easy provisioning and maintainability, and high availability (D) a software called hypervisor sits
between the VMs and the host and is responsible for allocating the computing resources of the
host to VMs (E) all of the above are correct (choose this one only if none of the above can be
chosen).

7. | is a unique identifier assigned to a network interface controller for use as a
network address in communications within a network segment. It is used in most IEEE 802
networking technologies, including Ethemet, Wi-Fi, and Bluetooth, (A) globally unique identifier
(B) IP address (C) media access control address (D) transmission control address (E) none of the

. above. ,

8. | Which of the following is wrong about packet switching? (A) packet switching
transmits data across digital networks by breaking it down into blocks (B) in datagram packet
switching, each packet has a header that includes the origin IP address, the destination IP address,
the number of packets in the entire data file, and the sequence number (C) in datagram packet
switching, the packets of a file go through the same route (D) in a virtual circuit, the connection
appears to be a dedicated physical circuit (E) all of the above are correct (choose this one only if
none of the above can be chosen).

9. is a network multiple access method in which carrier sensing is used, but nodes
attempt to avoid collisions by beginning transmission only after the channel is sensed to be “idle”
