題 號 : 383 國 立 臺灣 大 學 108 學 年 度 碩士 班 招生 考試 試題
科目 : 資 訊 科 技 概論 HAM: 383
Ae .

BR: 6 共 2 頁 之 第 之 頁

13. {| Which of the following protocols, as part of X.500, is designed for enabling anyone to

. locate organizations, individuals, and other resources such as files and devices in a network,
whether on the public Internet or on a corporate intranet? (A) Free Directory Access Protocol
(FDAP) (B) Internet Directory Access Protocol (IDAP) (C) Lightweight Directory Access
Protocol (LDAP) (D) Root Directory Access Protocol (RDAP) (E) none of the above.

14. [| Which of the following protocols provides a secure channel over an unsecured network
in a client-server architecture, and was designed as a replacement for Telnet and for unsecured
remote shell protocols such as the Berkeley rlogin and rsh? (A) Secure Shell (SSH) (B) Transport
Layer Security (TLS) (C) Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) (D) Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) (E)
none of the above.

15. 中 Roughly speaking, the “deep” in “deep learning” neural networks refers to (A) the
amount of data being trained (B) the number of tags in input data (C) the fan-in of a node (D) the
fan-out of a node (E) none of the above.

16. E] Which of the following is wrong about deep learning in AI? (A) deep learning requires
training data to teach the model how to derive output from input (B) why an output is derived
from the input may not be explained from the model (C) for decision making, a biased input may
yield a bias output (D) training data usually have human marked information to teach the model
what the input are (E) all of the above are correct (choose this one only if none of the above can be
chosen).

17. | Which of the following is wrong about information security? (A) Spyware is a type of
malware designed to steal user data and sensitive information. (B) A Trojan horse is a type of
malware that is often disguised as legitimate software so as to mislead users ofits true intent. (C)

A virus usually refers to a type of malicious programs that are able to actively replicate themselves
and spread to other computers. (D) A botnet refers to a network of hijacked zombie computers that
are remotely controlled by a hacker. (E) all of the above are correct (choose this one only if none
of the above can be chosen).

18. [____] In information security, which of the following terms more commonly refers to
psychological manipulation of people into performing actions or divulging confidential
information? (A) Phishing (B) Honeypot (C) Spoofing (D) Social Engineering (E) Psychology
Engineering.

19. [| Which of the following helps protect computers by monitoring and controlling incoming

“and outgoing network traffic based on predetermined security rules? (A) vulnerability scanner (B)
authentication scanner (C) anti-virus software (D) firewall (E) eavesdropping software.

20. [] Which of the following applications/protocols is typically not based on client-server
architecture? (A) network printing (B) remote procedure call (C) emails (D) HTTP (E) all of the

“above are based on client-server architecture.

ay
接 次 頁
