ARR: 9 AueBrS 109 SF RRLHMAFRRS
Fa: H3(B) HR: 9
ick 5 & TY a#28 SH

IV: Reading Comprehension (16%)
Answer the following questions according to the information provided or implied in the articles.
Choose the best answer to each question.

Article 1: Questions 43-46

How your food is grown or raised can have a major impact on your mental and emotional health as
well as the environment. Organic foods often have more beneficial nutrients, such as antioxidants, than
their conventionally-grown. counterparts. (WwW) A 2016 European study also shows that organic
meat and milk are richer in omega-3 fatty acids.

In addition, organic food is often fresher because it doesn’t contain preservatives that make it last
longer. Organic produce is often (but not always) produced on smaller farms near where it is sold.
Besides, organic produce contains fewer chemical pesticides which are widely used in conventional
agriculture. So it is better for néarby birds and animals as well as people who live close to farms.

® In fact, organic farming is better for the environment. Organic farming practices reduce
pollution, conserve water, reduce soil erosion, increase soil fertility, and use less energy. (0a)

Organic food is also GMO-free. Genetically Modified Organisms (GMOs) or genetically
engineered (GE) foods are plants whose DNA has been altered in ways that cannot occur in nature, most
commonly in order to be resistant to pesticides. Furthermore, organically raised animals are not given
antibiotics or growth hormones. (Z) Even though organic food typically costs more, these
advantages might convince you that it’s worth the extra expense.

43. Which of the following would be the best title for this article?
(A) Benefits of organic food
(B) Misconceptions about organic food
(C) Rules for certifying organic products
(D) Factors influencing organic food purchase intention
44, According to this article, which of the following statements about organic food is TRUE?
(A) Non-GMO food is certified organic food.
({B) Organic food is tastier, cheaper and fresher.
(C) Conventional farming practices help to preserve the environment.
(D) Organic food often contains more helpful nutrients than conventional food.
45. At which place in the article would the following sentence best be inserted?
“They are given more space to move around and access to the outdoors, which help to keep them
healthy.”
(A) The place marked by W
(B) The place marked by X
(C) The place marked by Y
(D) The place marked by Z

