MR: 9 RUeOKS 109 BEAL ESS
Ao: KX) * sales *
fick = 5 x 'T Rae

nS
XA es

46. What is the author’s attitude towards organic food?
(A) Skeptical
(B) Supportive
(C) Disapproving
(D) Disappointed

Article 2: Questions 47-50

Technology is the center of the entertainment industry. With recent technological advancements in
the entertainment industry, companies are forced to change the way they produce, distribute, and
broadcast content. Today, shows and movies are streamed on devices ranging from smartphones to
televisions. Instead of families gathering in the living room to watch their favorite television programs,
each watches their favorite shows on one of their many devices. The popularity of streaming from
mobile-devices reflects smartphones becoming larger, with more saturated screens.

Streaming is at the forefront of the entertainment industry. Entertainment can be streamed anytime
and anywhere. Consumers can choose what they want to watch, without the constraint of broadcast
television schedules. Inexpensive monthly subscriptions give customers access to libraries of thousands
of TV shows and movies, available instantly. A study by the Consumer Technology Association reports
that people aged 18-34 spend 55 percent of their video-watching-time viewing content after it has aired
on live television.

Netflix launched its streaming service in 2007, altering at-home entertainment. It’s estimated that
Netflix represents around 6% of current American TV viewing. That number is projected to rise to
around 14% by 2020, according to Fortune magazine. Disney is set to launch its own streaming app in
2018. Many experts believe that other studios will follow shortly.

Streaming services introduced fans to entire TV catalogues, leading to binge-watching. Shows are
now catered specifically to binge-watchers. Todays’ shows have a season-long narrative rather than
single stories in each episode. On Netflix, whole seasons of shows are released at once, obviously
intended for binge-watching.

News and sports are cable’s biggest selling advantages. Consumers may not cancel their cable
subscription simply to follow their favorite team or to keep current with the news. Disney, the parent
company of ESPN, plans to start an ESPN streaming service.

The changes and advancements in entertainment have created expectations for on-demand, and.
often commercial-free, access to video content. Any players in the industry are racing to keep up with the
competition. It wouldn’t be surprising if some companies are edged out in the near future.

47. What is this article mainly about?
(A) The impact of streaming video
(B) The pros and cons of streaming video
(C) How to create a video streaming website
(D) How the streaming service helps family relationships

«RA

