BR: 9 AULEBAS 109 SF RRGLHeBEFRRA
AB > HX(B)

AAR

9

fk: 5 x] Hee Ok

- Passage 4: Questions 33-37

Disposing of waste has huge environmental impacts and can cause serious problems. In many
countries around the world, much is buried in landfill sites. Some waste will eventually rot, but not all, and
in the process it may smell, or generate methane gas, which is explosive and (33) the greenhouse
effect. Leachate (34) as waste decomposes may cause pollution. Badly-managed landfill sites
may attract vermin or cause litter.

A priority is to move from reliance on waste dumps that offer no environmental protection, to waste
management systems that ___ (35) __ useful resources within the economy. Waste (36) at source
and use of specialized waste processing facilities to separate recyclable materials has a key role. Disposal
of residual waste after extraction of material resources GB7) engineered landfill sites and/or
investment in waste-to-energy facilities.

33.(A) hinges on (B) wears out (C) looks into (D) contributes to

34.(A) produce (B) produces (C) produced (D) producing
35.(A) retain (B) remove (C) recruit (D) replace

36.(A) sedition (B) solicitation {C) superstition (D) segregation
37.(A) need (B) needs (C) needed (D) needing

Passage 5: Questions 38-42

Cyberbullying and harassment are huge problems for young people on social media. The most
common types of harassment youth encounter online are name-calling and rumor-spreading. A 2016
report from the Cyberbullying Research Center indicates that 33.8% of students between 12 and 17 were
victims of cyberbullying in their lifetime. (38)__, 11.5% of students between 12 and 17 indicated
that they had engaged in cyberbullying in their lifetime.

Cyberbullying is different from “traditional” bullying ___(39)___ that it happens all the time.
The (40) of smartphones and the rise of social media has transformed where, when and how
bullying takes place. For victims, there is no escape. It’s not confined (41) ___ school or the
playground. Kids and teens connect through social media, so for many, there is no option to simply go
offline. It is crucial to openly discuss cyberbullying with teens. (42) we talk about it, the more
comfortable victims will feel speaking out about their experiences.

38.(A) Conversely (B) Coherently (C) Competently (D) Coincidentally

39.(A) as (B) in {C) so (D) except

40.(A) prohibition (B) promulgation (C) proliferation (D) procrastination
41.(A) by (B) to (C) for (D) with

42.(A) The more (B) Given that (C) Even though (D) As long as

HRA

