aR
aa:

> EXC)
Pek: 6

9 BeREMr#Ss 109 S$ERALHBESRRA

RR: 9

x) Ree]

LE: HH BHREPSRSEE BAMMSRE LS ERRG I

I: Vocabulary (20%)
Choose the word that best completes the sentence.

1. Many Brexit supporters say it is hard to accurately predict what will happen, or believe any

economic will be short-term and minor.
(A) disruption (B) dissection (C) disinfection (D) dissimulation
2. Recent studies showed that differences in male and female height were related to life

expectancy. For example, men were found to be 7.8% taller and had an 8.4% lower life expectancy.
(A) inversely (B) inadequately (C) intentionally (D) insufficiently
3. The cost of hosting a major sporting event can be quite high, so the host country would have to
raise a significant amount of tax :
(A) exile (B) reform (C) revenue (D) expenditure

4. New evidence has recently been found to the DNA damage theory of aging.
(A) corrugate (B) confiscate (C) corroborate (D) commemorate

5. The government-funded flu vaccination program aims to vaccinate those who are at great risk of
flu and its serious to prevent the virus spreading.
(A) computations (B) commutations (C) competitions (D) complications

6. This bomb attack will the already tense relations between the two neighboring
countries.
(A) delineate (B) exacerbate (C) contaminate (D) interrogate

7. Business success demands more than hard work, and expertise in your field. You
also need to master a set of soft skills in order to succeed.
(A) residue (B) resilience (C) resemblance (D) reminiscence

8. Cigarette smoking has a proven effect on nearly every organ of the body, raising
the risk of several serious health conditions.
(A) deceptive (B) deliberate (C) deferential (D) detrimental!

9. The reasons for the Amazon rainforest fires have been by some environmental
researchers. Human activity is the main cause of these Amazonian wildfires.
{A) deployed (B) forfeited (C) elucidated (D) reprimanded

10.Fires devastating Australia’s east coast have arrived unusually early this year. It is only just
spring and so this may be a(n) sign of more trouble to come.

(A) ominous (B) credulous (C) scurrilous (D) parsimonious

II: Sentence Structure (20%)
Choose the best answer that makes the sentence grammatically correct.

11. What consumers to choose a particular product with respect to others is a critical market
research survey question every marketer should ask.
(A) drive (B) drives (C) driven (®) driving

LAG

