題 號 : 324 國 立 臺灣 大 學 112 學 年 度 碩士 班 招生 考試 試題
科目 : 資訊 科 技 概論 大 號 : 324
Hak: 6 共 5 頁 之 第 1-8

一 、 選 擇 題 ( 單 選 )28 題 , 每 題 2.5 分, 共 70 分 , 請 在 每 超 的 選項 內 選擇 最 適當 的 答案 。

BE: 答 錯 倒 扣 1 分 。, 折 至 零 分 為 止 。( 不 答 不 倒 扣 )

請 用 人 8 鉛筆 作答 於 答案 卡 , 並 先 詳 閱 答案 卡 上 之 「 畫 記 說 明 1。

1 | Which of the following is wrong about Von Neumann architecture? (A) it has four main units:
CPU, memory, input, and output (B) memory is simply a linear array of storage locations (C) data and
instructions are separated into different memory (D) a central processing unit has a control unit and an
arithmetic/login unit (E) all the above are correct (choose this one only if none of the above can be
chosen).

2. C7] Which of the following is wrong about process architecture? (A) in general, program
compiled in CISC architecture has fewer instructions than that compiled in RISC architecture (B) the
CISC approach tries to make each instruction more powerful (C) in general, instructions in a CISC
approach will need more clock cycles to execute than in a RISC approach (D) in general, the instruction
set in a CISC approach is typically smaller than the instruction set in a RISC approach (E) all the above
are correct (choose this one only if none of the above can be chosen).

3. [7] which of the following is wrong about computer architecture? (A) A processor with 32-bit
address buses can access at most 222 bytes of memory (8) in memory-mapped I/O, I/O devices use the
same address space as memory devices (C) in memory-mapped I/O, the same instructions are used to
access I/O devices and memory devices (D) the internal data storage of a processor is known as its
registers (E) all the above are correct (choose this one only if none of the above can be chosen).

4. Ce] Which of the following is wrong about Input/Output in a computer system? (A) in interrupt-
driven 1/0, an external device interrupts the Processor to execute an interrupt service routine (B) an
external device interrupts the processor by triggering an interrupt signal to the processor (C) Direct
Memory Access (DMA) allows data to be transferred from I/O devices to memory directly without the
continuous involvement of the processor (D) a hardware device is needed to allow 1/0 devices to
directly access memory with less participation of the processor (E) all the above are correct (choose
this one only if none of the above can be chosen).

5. [7 Which of the following is wrong about CPU cache? {A) register in CPU is usually faster than L1
cache (B) number of registers in CPU is smaller than the size of L1 cache (C) the size of Li cache in
current CPUs typically ranges in dozens to hundreds bytes (D) the size of L2 cache is typically much
bigger than L1 cache {E) all the above are correct (choose this one only if none of the above can be

chosen).

6. [7 Which of the following is not a major functionality of operating systems? (A) Resource
Management (8) Process Management (C) Memory Management (D) Security Management (E) all the .
above are major functionalities,
