“是 號 : 294 國 立 臺灣 大 學 113 學 年 度 碩士 班 招生 考試 試題
科目 : 資訊 科技 概論 mw #204
Ra: 6 共 4 頁 之 第 1 頁

一 、 選 擇 題 (BE) 24 題 , 每 題 2.5 分 , 共 60 分 , 請 在 每 題 的 選項 內 選擇 最 適當 的 答案 。

注意 : 答 錯 倒 扣 1 分 , 扣 至 零 分 為 止 。( 不 答 不 倒 扣 )

請 用 人 pi 鉛筆 作答 於 答案 卡 , 並 先 詳 閱 答 實 卡 上 之 「 畫 記 說 明 」

i. | Which of the following is not a popularly used file system? (A) FAT32 (B) exFAT (C) NTFS (D) APFS (E) all the
above are popular file systems (choose this one only if none of the above can be chosen).

2. 上] Which of the following is wrong? (A) multiprocessing allows simultaneous execution of processes on separate cores or
processors (B) in multiprocessing, two processes spawned by a parent process share their memory, stack, and program counter
(C) processes in multiprocessing can communicate through mechanisms like shared memory or message passing (D) the main
purpose of multiprocessing is to improve system throughput and performance (E) all of the above are correct (choose this one
only if none of the above can be chosen).

。 | ‘Which of the following is wrong? (A) a thread represents an independent path of execution within a program (B)
multiple threads can run simultaneously within a single process (C) communication between threads is more lightweight and
efficient than communication between processes (D) threads within a process sharing the same memory space (E) all the above
are correct (choose this one only if none of the above can be chosen).

4. [| A von Neumann architecture consists of four main components, which are: (A) input, output, memory, processing (B)
input, output, CPU, program counter (C) arithmetic control, logic.control, register, program counter (D) CPU, GPU, RAM, hard
disk (E) /O, RAM, CPU, storage

5, Cc] Which of the following about stack memory in operating system is wrong? (A) local variables of a program are stored
in stack (B) every time a function is called, the operating system allocates some stack memory for it (C) during a program’s
execution, allocation and deallocation for stack memory is automatically done (D) a stack overflow occurs when a program tries
to use more memory space in the call stack than has been allocated (E) all the above are correct (choose this one only if none of
the above can be chosen).

6. [____] Which of the following about heap memory in operating system is wrong? (A) objects dynamically created by a
program are stored in the heap memory (B) the heap segment can suffer from fragmentation (C) memory allocated on the heap
persists until explicitly deallocated by the programmer (D) garbage collection is invoked to clean up objects in the heap that are
no longer being referenced (E) all the above are correct (choose this one only if none of the above can be chosen).

和 區 Which ofthe following about interrupt in a computer is wrong? (A) an interrupt is a signal to the processor that an
event has occurred, requiring its attention (B) when an interrupt occurs, the usual procedure is for the processor to save its state
by pushing its registers and program counter onto the stack (C) in a polled interrupt system, the interrupting device directs the
processor to the appropriate interrupt service routine (D) interrupts can be assigned priorities to allow a higher priority one to
“interrupt” lower priorities (E) all of the above are correct (choose this one only if none of the above can be chosen).

8. | Amdaht’s law is used in parallel computing to formulate the theoretical speedup when using multiple processors. Let p
be the fraction of a task that is unaffected by adding more processors, and n is the number of processors used to speed up the task.
Then the theoretical speedup of the execution of the whole task is (A) 一 二 一 oo MEP

說 up 0 ion 03 ‘Whole 1s ——“Ti-p) ~~... p 二
eee p+ SP" (a-p)4h np 同
none of the above. ‘ .
9. [|] Which of the following is wrong about mutual exclusion in operating system? (A) mutual exclusion is used to ensure
2
LG
