|
題 號 : 324 國 立 臺灣 大 學 112 學 年 度 碩士 班 招生 考試 試題
科目 : 資訊 科技 概論 we: 394
HA: 6 共 SRE 之 頁 |

7. Cc] Operating systems divide virtual and physical memory into fixed-sized chunks called Pages.
Which of the following page size is currently most common than the others? (A) 128 bytes (B) 512
bytes (C) 4KB (D) 128KB (E} 512KB.

8. | Which of the following is wrong for applications running in an operating system? (A) user
applications usually run in user-mode {B) applications running in user-mode shares a virtual address
space (C) a process running in user mode can’t access virtual addresses that are reserved for the
operating system (D) core operating system components run in kernel mode (E) all the above are
correct (choose this one only if none of the above can be chosen).

9. [____] Which of the following is wrong about computer clusters? (A) nodes in a cluster are typically
independent and connected by a high-speed LAN (8) clustering computers can increase computing
power (C) clustering computers can prevent security attacks (D) clustering computers can improve fault
tolerance (E) all the above are correct (choose this one only if none of the above can be chosen).

10. [____] With regard to process management, which of the following is generally not the
responsibility of operating systems (OS)? (A) creating and deleting user processes (B) suspending and
resuming processes (C) process synchronization (D) deadlock handling (E) all the above are OS's
responsibility.

11. C7 With regard to storage management, which of the following is generally not the
responsibility of operating systems? (A) creating and deleting files (B) file integrity check (C) disk
scheduling (D) backing up files onto stable permanent storage media (E) supporting primitives for
manipulating files and directories.

12. | A uniprocessor system achieves multiprogramming by in CPU scheduling. (A) dynamic
allocation (B) process rotating (C) pipelining (D) time slicing (E) none of the above.

13. | When a process is running in Unix-like systems, which of the following is wrong about its
memory layout? (A) the code section starts at location 0 (B) the data section starts immediately above
code section (C} the stack section starts immediately above the data section (D) the stack section can
grow and shrink dynamically during process life cycle (E) all the above are correct (choose this one only
if none of the above can be chosen).

14. C77 In Ethernet, which of the following algorithm is used to resolve collision? (A) Carrier Sense
(B) Exponential Backoff (C) Collision Avoidance (D} Request to Send/Clear to Send (RTS/CTS) (E) Round
Robin.

15. 上] We can apply tags to network frames and handling these tags in a local area network to
create the appearance and functionality of network traffic that is physically on a single network but
acts as if it is split between separate networks. This effectively creates (A) virtual LANs (B)
VPN (C) domains (D) subdomains (E) private LANs.

BAR
