題 號 : 324 國 立 臺 灣 大 學 112 學 年 度 碩士 班 招生 考試 試題
科目 : 資 訊 科技 概論 HAR: 324
Hick: 6 共 『y 頁 之 第 3 頁
16. CL] In router-table construction, which of the following algorithms let routers build up their
routing tables by periodically exchanging information with their immediately neighboring? (A) adaptive
{B) tink-state (C) distance-vector (D) incremental update (E) none of the above.
a7, 7 Which of the following is wrong about TCP? (A) it uses 2-way handshake to establish a
connection (B) TCP is stream-oriented (C) TCP uses sliding window for flow control (D) TCP uses
sequence numbers to ensure the correct order of delivery (E) all the above are correct (choose this one
only if none of the above can be chosen).

18. LJ Which of the following is wrong about security attacks? (A) In Man-in-the-Middle attack, an
attacker intercepts messages between two parties, and then steals and manipulates data between
‘them (B) In buffer overflow attack, the attacker crafts an oversized input string which, when read by the

. server and stored in memory, overflows the buffer and overwrites subsequent portions of memory,
typically containing the stack-frame pointers. (C) In SQL Injections, an attacker inserts malicious code
into a server using server query language, forcing the server to deliver protected information (D) In
First-day attack, an attacker exploits a network vulnerability before a patch is released and/or
implemented. (E) all the above are correct (choose this one only if none of the above can be chosen).

19. | Which of the following is wrong about program compilation? (A) assembler takes as input
the assembly code and translates it into relocatable machine code (B) it is the linker’s job to make sure
all cross-file dependencies are resolved properly (C) programs can be linked either statically or
dynamically (D) lexical and syntax analysis is done at compiling stage (E) all the above are correct
(choose this one only if none of the above can be chosen).

20. | Which of the following is wrong about NoSQL databases? (A) in column-oriented structure,
data is stored in cells grouped in a pre-defined number of columns (B) key-value stores use an
associative array as their data mode (C) dacument stores use documents {e.g., XML, YAML, JSON) to
hold and encode data in standard formats (D) graph databases represent data on a graph that shows
how different sets of data relate to each other (E) all the above are correct (choose this one only if
none of the above can be chosen).

21. [7 Which of the following is wrong about relational databases? (A) data are organized into
tables of columns and rows (B) a unique key is used to identify each row (C) each row represents a data
record (D) columns correspond to attributes of records (E) all the above are correct (choose this one
only if none of the above can be chosen).

22. Co) Which of the following is wrong about relational databases? (A) a primary key is used to
ensure data in the specific column is unique (B) a foreign key refers to the field in a table which is the
primary key of another table (C) foreign key does not allow NULL value (D) more than one foreign key
are allowed in a table (E) all the above are correct (choose this one only if none of the above can be
chosen).

見 背 面
