ve
AA: 9 BULSRASIIELRALHBAFRRE
ae > ¥XB) ABLE 9
ei 5 #8 R2H 7 K
45. What is the meaning of the idiom “grist ... to the mill” in the second paragraph?
3 (A) irrelevant stuff
(B) extraneous fuel
: (© wasteful lubrication.
(D) useful material
Article 2: Questions 46-50
Jonathan D. Spence, a British-born historian who became a longtime Yale University
ptofessor and prominent sinologist and attracted a wide following with his 1990 best-
seller “The Seatch for Modern China,” has died at age 85. Spence, who retired from Yale
in 2008, died Saturday at his home in West Haven, Connecticut. [S] His wife and fellow
Yale professor, Annping Chin, said the cause was complications from Parkinson's
disease.
[2]. The recipient of a MacArthur fellowship, a Los Angeles Times book prize and
numerous other honors, Spence wrote mote than a dozen books on China, along with:
reviews, essays and lectures. He was best known for “The Search for Modern China,” an
870-page publication that began in the 17th century, at the peak of the Ming dynasty, and
continued through the 1989 demonstrations in Tiananmen Square.
AAs suggested by the book's title, Spence approached China as if writing [A], deciphering
for Western readets one of the world’s largest, most populous and complex countries.
[U]. He noted the “patterns of generational deference and concepts of obligation” and
the rebellions designed to shatter them, whether the sacking of Beijing in 1644, the 1911
fall of the last emperor or the Communist triumph of the late 1940s.
“We can see how often the Chinese people, operating in difficult or even desperate
citcumstances, seized their own fate and threw themselves against the power of the
state,” he wrote. [V] “We can see how in 1644, again in 1911, and then again in 1949,
disillusion with the present and a certain nostalgia for the past could combine with a
passionate hope for the future to bring the old order crashing down, opening the way for
an uncertain passage to the new.”
46. What does the word “sinologist” mean?
(A) a scholar of American culture
(B) a scholar of Asian culture
LPG
