MR: 9 BULSRASILSE RAL
#8: RX) M+ 9
Ha 5 % 8 HAR 5 OH
—(7)__ to have introduced medical readers to an occupational disease caused by
xecuttent hits to the head.
Called now chronic traumatic encephalopathy or CTE, “punch drunk,” Martland said,
originated in boxing slang. In his hands, it evolved into a clinical __(38)__.
In the history of concussion research since Martland published his classic studies, many
authorities have fixated their interests on the fact that Martland was reporting a(n)
_39)__ disease in boxers.
In fact, Martland’s study was more ambitious than that. He was directing attention to the
way that boxets could reveal pathologies from even mild hits to the head in anyone who
—(G0)__ hit in the head, even once, but especially if the hits were repeated.
36. (A) demonic (B) coronary (C) persecutory (D) forensic
37. (A) said (B) spoken (C) argued (D) dismissed ;
38. (A) essence (B) tip (C) entity (D) substance
39. (A) seasonal (B) occupational (C) diurnal (D) periodical
40. (A) has been (B) would be (C) were to be (D) had been
IV. Reading Comprehension
Answer the following questions according to the information provided ot implied in the
atticles. Choose the best answer to each question.
Atticle 1: Questions 41-45
. When journalists and academics talk about the morass of hate and lies online, they tend
to focus on tech platformns, rightfully so. (W) The platforms ate immensely powerful, and
their design can encourage radicalization and the spread of conspitacy theories,
amplifying the most toxic forces in our culture.
But online garbage (whether political and scientific misinformation ot racist memes) is
also created because there’s an audience for it. (X) Their thoughts and impulses and
diatribes are grist for the algorithmic content mills. When we talk about engagement, we
. are talking about them. They—or rather, we—are the ones clicking, We are often the
ones telling the platforms, “More of this, please.”
This is a disquieting realization. (Y) As the author Richard Seymour writes in his book
