4
了 了
題 號 : 277 立 臺 灣 大 學 114 學 年 度 碩士 班 招生 考試 試題
科目 資訊 科技 概論 共 4 頁 之 第 ra
BPR: 6 #
一 、 選 擇 題 (踢 選 ) 24, 每 題 2.S 分 , 共 60 分 , 請 在 每 題 的 選項 內 選擇 最 適當 的 答案 。
注意 : 答 錯 倒 扣 1 分 , 扣 至 零 分 為 止 。( 不 答 不 倒 扣 )

KER GAB 鉛筆 作答 於 答案 卡 。 並 先 詳 閥 答 案 卡 上 之 「 畫 記 說 明 ye

1, | Which of the following best describes the purpose of recursion in programming? (A) To
optimize memory usage by eliminating loops (B) To solve problems by breaking them down into
smaller, similar subproblems (C) To execute multiple tasks simultaneously using threads (D) To
perform operations on arrays more efficiently (E) To handle errors during runtime automatically.

2. [| In object-oriented programming, what is the primary purpose of polymorphism? (A) To
allow objects to inherit multiple classes (B) To provide a single interface for different
implementations (C) To encapsulate data within a single class (D) To reuse existing code in derived
classes (E) none of the above.

3. | Which of the following data structures is most suitable for implementing a priority queue?
(A) Stack (B) Queue (C) Binary Heap (D) Linked List (E) Hash Table.

4. [ Which of the following traversal techniques produces a sorted order for a binary search tree
(BST)? (A) Preorder traversal (B) Postorder traversal (C) Inorder traversal (D) Level-order traversal
(E) Reverse level-order traversal.

5. | Consider the following algorithm for sorting an array of N numbers. It starts from the 1*
element of the array and compares it with the 2" element. If the 1° element is greater than the 2™, the
two elements are swapped. Then, the 2"? element is compared with the 3" element, and the two
swapped if the 2"! clement is greater. The process continues until the end of the array. The entire
process is repeated for the first N~1 elements, N—2, ... and so on if the array is not yet sorted. What is
the worst-case time complexity to sort an array of N numbers? (A) OCV) (B) OCW log N) (C) O(N’) (D)
O(log? N) (E) none of the above.

6. ‘| Continue the above question. What is the best-case time complexity (A) O(1) (B) O(N) (C)
OW log N) (D) O(V”) E) O(log? N).

7. L] In file systems, what is the primary purpose of an inode? (A) To store the actual content of
a file (B) To store metadata about a file, such as permissions and timestamps (C) To allocate disk
blocks to a file (D) To index all files in a directory (E) none of the above.

2
Lt a
