題 號 : TT 國 立 臺灣 大 學 114 學 年 度 碩士 班 招生 考試 試題
AB: 資訊 科 技 概論 題 號 :277
fick: 6 共 4 頁 之 第 3 頁
storage. (C) NoSQL databases are better suited for structured data. (D) NoSQL databases are
typically more scalable for distributed systems. (E) NoSQL databases do not support transactions.

16.{____] Inan ER (Entity-Relationship) diagram, what does a diamond-shaped symbol represent?
(A) An attribute of an entity (B) A primary key (C) A weak entity (D) A multivalued attribute (E)
none of the above.

17. tT] What is the primary purpose of a database transaction log? (A) To store the results of
executed queries for future reference. (B) To keep a record of ali changes made to the database for
recovery purposes. (C) To optimize the execution of complex queries. (D) To maintain a backup
copy of the entire database. (E) To store metadata about tables and indexes.

18. [| What is a composite key in a relational database? (A) A key that consists of multiple
columns to uniquely identify a row. (B) A key that acts as a foreign key in multiple tables. (C) A
primary key that has been indexed for performance optimization. (D) A key that references another
table’s unique identifier. (E) A virtual key created by combining data from different tables.

19.| |] What is the main purpose of a subnet mask in TCP/IP? (A) To identify the default gateway ;
(B) To define the host and network portions of an IP address (C) To encrypt data packets (D) To limit
the size of a packet (E) none of the above.

20.[____] What is the purpose of the “window size” field in the TCP header? (A) to specify the
number of bytes that can be sent before an acknowledgment is received (B) To determine the length
of the TCP header (C) To indicate the size of the sliding window buffer (D) To synchronize the
sequence numbers of the sender and receiver (E) none of the above.

21.[-__] Which routing algorithm is used by OSPF (Open Shortest Path First)? (A) Distance Vector
(B) Link State (C) Path Vector (D) Flooding (E) none of the above.

22.[ | Which of the following statements about NAT (Network Address Translation) is
INCORRECT? (A) NAT can hide internal IP addresses from external networks. (B) NAT helps
conserve IPv4 address space. (C) NAT can interfere with end-to-end connectivity for some
applications. (D) NAT operates at the Network layer of the OSI model. (E) all of the above are
correct (choose this one only if none of the above can be chosen).

23. [4 What is the primary purpose of the Domain Name System (DNS)? (A) To assign IP
addresses to devices on a network (B) To translate domain names into IP addresses (C) To encrypt
communication between devices (D) To manage routing tables in a network (E) To speed up routing
between Internet hosts.

2
見 背 面
