MR: 9 BUSOaAs 112 SER ALHeHESRRE

APB: 3$3c(B) MR: 9
Hick: 5 #TAZHOR

2. Am atmospheric setting: Stories in this genre should create an ominous, uneasy mood through setting to support the anxiety of an
janknown antagonist lurking in the shadows. Think of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle’s Sherlock Holmes slinking through the London fog in
search of a killer. Settings in mysteries also offer opportunities to plant clues and hints.

B. A crime: A crime is the event that fuels the plot in a mystery novel. Revealed in the first chapter, a crime creates the central
conflict that launches the investigation, sending the main character on their quest and spurring the narrative arc.

4. A sleuth: At the heart of every mystery is a main character determined to solve the crime. Mystery writer Raymond Chandler
created private detective Philip Marlowe to be a crime solver in his novels. A writer can raise the stakes by making the detective
personally invested in solving the crime. Mysteries can center around an amateur investigator—an average citizen who solves the
case. The character development of the sleuth is important; they need a backstory that connects them to the crime or the killer, and a
Imotive that explains why solving this crime is important to them.

b. A villain: A mystery is often called a whodunit because the culprit is unknown until they’re caught at the end. The story follows
their movements, which propel the story forward. The main character and the reader discover the criminal’s identity as the plot
reaches its climax.

6. Narrative momentum: A mystery plot is in constant motion thanks to a cat-and-mouse narrative thread. The pacing will quicken
ithe closer the plot moves towards the climax and the closer the main character gets to solving the crime.

7. Clues: Clues are the literary element that allows mystery stories to engage readers on a deeper level than other types of fiction. The
reader becomes an amateur sleuth, following the trail of clues to try to discover the identity of the culprit. When writing mysteries, an
author needs to have an organized writing process in order to keep track of what clues they’re creating, when they appear, and who
knows what in order to make sure the plot lines make sense.

8. Foreshadowing: Mysteries often drop hints of things that will happen in the future. This is known as foreshadowing. A writer can
lhint at a future event with a small clue or through character dialogue. Writers can be more or less direct with foreshadowing, either
subtly hinting at future events or explicitly stating what will happen.

9. : A good mystery throws the reader off track. False clues build tension by creating other suspects and distracting the
\detective—and the reader—and leading them away from the real culprit. A writer can place extra emphasis on an object, event, or
character that catches a reader’s attention, making that element seem more significant than it really is to the storyline. In Agatha
‘Christie’s And Then There Were None, there are 10 characters who are all potential suspects, Christie creates by killing off
each character one by one, creating plot twists that send the reader into new directions in search of the killer.

10. A satisfying ending: At the end of great mystery novels there is the big reveal—the sleuth discovers the identity of the culprit.
‘An ending should also provide an alibi for any other suspects to strengthen the identity of the real killer and eliminate doubt, tying up
loose ends.

This article has been adapted from internet news and stories.)

46. Which of the following might be the best title for the above article?
(A) Ten elements of being a good detective

B) Ten elements of writing a good mystery story

‘C) What not to do-when writing a good mystery story

‘D) How to catch a villain in a detective story

47. Which of the following best fills in the blank(s) for number 9?

BAR

