cS BULERAF 112 PE RGLHBASRRA

FB: HX(B) mm9
Ln) AT R2BLR
‘a) insipid (b) palatable (c) unanimous (d) imperious
l14. The royal family has recently been engulfed by a series of and scandals but the whole country still appears to project
strength through its unwavering and revered figurehead.
‘a) rafts (b) rifts (c) sifts (d) reeds
15. Now, remember, viruses all the time, so the trick is to find a stable part of the virus — a part that doesn’t really change
from one variant to the next.
‘a) maim (b) mince (c) mitigate (d) mutate

pe Il. Cloze Test: Select the most appropriate item for each blank. (30%)
assage I

(On Nov. 27, the Big Island of Hawaii’s Mauna Loa volcano — the largest active volcano in the world — erupted for the first time in
38 years. This eruption was very special because Mauna Loa historically erupts very frequently, every six years on average. It took
Ime two attempts to finally get a glimpse of the eruption. My first attempt on Dec. 3 was (16) because of low visibility,
caused by clouds covering the volcano, and a lack of parking availability on side roads. Some of the side roads were temporarily
converted to one-way streets to ay traffic away from the busy, but orderly, main highway near the volcano summit. My
second attempt was successful. I departed from my hotel in the town of Hilo at 2 a.m. and arrived at the nearest open side road, as

close to the eruption site as possible, The sky was clear, and the beautiful and glowing reddish volcano plumes were 18 as
far as Hilo. Volcanic eruptions can either be explosive or effusive. Unlike explosive volcanoes that (19) ash and magma up

into the atmosphere, most Hawaiian eruptions — including the Mauna Loa — are known for their nonexplosive nature. This means
they have less direct human impacts in the form of injuries and (20) :

116. (A) reigned (B) privileged (C) jolted (D) thwarted

IL'7. (A) divert {B) dissect {C) dilate () diverse
118. (A) viable (B) visible (C) invisible  (D) veritable
19, (A) is shot (B) shot (C) shoot (D) shooting
20. (A) mortalities (B) fidelities {C) equalities {D) fatalities
Passage I

Queen Elizabeth II, the seemingly eternal monarch who became a bright but inscrutable beacon of continuity in the United Kingdom
‘during more than seven decades of rule, died Sept. 8 at Balmoral Castle, her estate in the Scottish Highlands. She was 96. Her death,
lof undisclosed causes, was announced by Buckingham Palace. In her reign, which began in February 1952 after the death of her
father, King George VI, Elizabeth served as a constant and (21) figure in Britain and on the world stage as she helped lead
her country through a period of profound shifts in geopolitical power and national identity. The designs of postage stamps and bank
(22) changed through the decades, but they all depicted the same, if aging, monarch, The British national anthem now shifts
to “God Save the King,” but most Britons have only known the other version, for the queen. Her last major constitutional action came
lon Tuesday, when she accepted the resignation of Prime Minister Boris Johnson and asked his (23) , Liz Truss, to form a
Inew government. In a monarchy dating back to at least the 10 century with King Athelstan, Elizabeth’s reign was the longest. In
2015, she broke a record once thought unassailable, (24) the 63-year rule of her great-great-grandmother, Queen Victoria.
[While Victoria retreated from her regal duties after the early death of her husband, Prince Albert, Elizabeth — with her outwardly

stern demeanor, iron constitution and abiding handbag — remained fully (25) in her queenly duties for most of her life, and
true to a pledge she made on her 21* birthday.

21. {A} reassuring (B) tumultuous (C) polarizing (D) converting

HARA

