Aw: 9 Beers 112 QE RAL ESRRG

Aa: RxXB) BRIO
MA? 5 ATALH 3K
2. (A) patrons (B) notes {C) niches {D) accounts
3. (A) supervisor (B) heir (C) realtor {D) successor

4. (A) surpass (B) surpassed ({C) has surpassed (D) surpassing
5.(A) encaging (B) engaging (C) engaged (D) encaged

assage IIT

ucen Elizabeth was the elder daughter of Prince Albert, duke of York, and his wife, Lady Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon. As the child of a
ounger son of King George V, the young Elizabeth had little (26) of acceding to the throne until her uncle, Edward VIII
‘afterward duke of Windsor), abdicated in her father’s (27) on December 11, 1936, at which time her father became King

eorge VI and she became (28) presumptive. The princess’s education was supervised by her mother, who entrusted her
ljaughters to a 29) , Marion Crawford; the princess was also grounded in history by C.H.K. Marten, afterward provost of
ton College, and had instruction from (30) teachers in music and languages. During World War II she and her sister,
rincess Margaret Rose, spent much of their time safely away from the London blitz and lived mostly at Balmoral Castle in Scotland
nd at the Royal Lodge, Windsor, and Windsor Castle.

6.(A) problem (B) prospect (C) pretense  (D) protest
'7. (A) duress (B) favor (C) judgment (D) former
8. (A) heir (B) monarch (C) throne (D) beacon
‘9. (A) government(B) monarch (C) president (D) governess
0. (A) visit (B) visitor (C) visiting  (D) visited

art III. Structure: Select the most appropriate item to complete the following sentences. (30%)
31. Families of incarcerated persons were usually poor and powerless, with to address the issue of rights.
‘A) either the means or the know-how
B) neither the means or the know-how
(C) neither the means nor the know-how
(D) either the means nor the know-how

32. the Louvre, the Hermitage is Russia’s homage to the great culture that found its home here in the 18"
century.

‘A) Second only to in size

B) Second in size only to

(C) In second size to only

D) In size.second only to

33. I’m starting to see that indulgence and opulence of an earlier era is in Saint Petersburg.
‘A) very much living still

(8) still very much live

(C) very much still live

KD) still very much alive

34. His achievements as a political reformer have been miraculous.
(A) everything short of

B) anything short of

‘C) nothing short of

LPG

