BK

9 RULeenr# 112 28 Gtes SRR
#8

inn) RTRZB1A

KEE: SF q , 3 3 °
pert 1. Vocabulary (30%) SGA BDRECERERE PAMMSRE LS Fenny,

‘hoose the word that BEST completes the sentence.

11. Although the rising tide of jobiessness is beginning to in some major economies, overall, unemployment levels continue
to be high, as GDP growth in most economies has not yet translated into significant job growth.
‘a) ebb (b) rise (c) surge (d) roam
2. Even though the war-torn country is in , it still refuses to bow down to the evil power.
‘a) trample (b) shambles (c) ripples (d) arable
3. Tomorrow's meeting between the two leaders is expected to break a diplomatic that has lasted for ten years.
‘a) stakeout (b) starlet (c) stallholder (d) stalemate
4. These four countries are on the brink of humanitarian catastrophe, with skyrocketing poverty and an economic
implosion that threatens to throw these countries into even deeper turmoil.
a) teetering (b) truncating (c) taunting (d) tallying
5. The Olympics involve and triumphs for spectators as well as the participants.
a) triplets (b) tramps (c) tyros (d) travails

6. Thanks to rapid vaccination and media promotion, the disease was quickly

a) contributed (b) contained {c) conjectured (d)} confounded
(7. According to the manager, our protocol is poorly designed, and must be from the bottom up, rethinking all assumptions
that we have made.

(a) overdrawn {b) overstretched  (c) overhauled (d) overwhelmed

8. This YouTube channel has to airing anime, comedy and talk shows because they attract more viewers.
a) boarded (b) expunged (c) pivoted (d) curtailed

(9. Last year, as the pandemic brought many performances to a standstill, a new five-year contract was finalized that restored a 52-
eek work schedule in this theater, but with significant wage in light of the economic fallout.
a)condolences —_(b) conclaves (c) considerations (d) concessions

110. The two men were longtime friends, united by their political affinities, including a bone-deep to a certain political
party, and a tendency to demonize their critics.
a) antipathy (b) antiquity (c} antidote (d) anterior

111. Student demonstrations against corruption in 1990 included opposition to single-party rule, on the grounds that it would
the problem of corruption.

a) extricate (b) excoriate (c) exonerate (d) exacerbate

12. Her husband died in the car accident but she, amazingly, escaped
‘a) unrivaled (b) unblemished —(c) unscathed (d) undulated

13. The book critic found the new novel because the characters were only two-dimensional and the plot lacks in qualities

{to interest, simulate or challenge readers.

