eR: 9 BUReESKS 112 S48 GtHBEFRRA
#tB >: %3x(B) ah 9
RAS 5 HTALESR

‘C) was blended too sharp
‘D) were too sharply blended

42. Our exploration of the space has dual purposes, one of is to get energy and resources and the other of
(which is to migrate people if necessary. .

‘A) which

‘B) where

(C) what

‘D) whom

43. This unique species, by scientists as Homo floresiensis, reached a maximum height of only 3.5 feet and
eighed no more than fifty-five pounds.

(A) know

‘B) knowing

‘C) known

‘D) was known

44. Would ancient Sapiens have been more tolerant towards an entirely different human species? It when
Sapiens encountered Neanderthals, the result was the first and most significant ethnic-cleansing campaign in history.

(A) may well be that

(B) be that

‘C) wiil be that

‘D) would well be that

45. This tradition was put on hold by the new president.
‘A) long-stand

(B) longly-stood

C) long-standing

‘D) longly-standing

Part IV: Reading (10%)

[The mystery genre has been entertaining readers for hundreds of years. The first story was “The Murders in the Rue Morgue” by
[Edgar Allan Poe, published in April 1841. The profession of detective had come into being only a few decades earlier, and Poe is
generally thought to have been influenced by the Mémoires (1828-29) of Francois-Eugéne Vidocq, who in 1817 founded the world’s

first detective bureau, in Paris. To date, a good mystery has certain literary elements to intensify the suspense and build up to a big
finale. These elements include:

|. A strong hook: A great mystery should invite the reader to try to solve the crime, and a great opening is critical to piquing their
interest. A mystery should start with just enough information about the crime to build intrigue from the first line. This is the defining
Imoment when a reader chooses whether or not they want to continue. If the dramatic element is missing from the beginning, the
reader expects the rest of the book to be the same. The first chapter should initiate the mystery, aligning the reader with the central
character on the crime-solving adventure,

FG

