題 號 : 386 國 立 臺灣 大 學 107 學 年 度 碩士 班 招生 考試 試題
科目 : 資訊 科技 概論 AGH: 386
fick: 6 共 3 頁 之 第 / 頁

一 、 選 擇 題 ( 單 選 ) 24 題 , 每 題 2.5 分 , 共 6 分, 請 在 每 題 的 選項 內 選擇 最 適當 的 答案 。

注意 : 答 錯 倒 扣 1 分, 扣 至 零 分 為 止 。( 不 答 不 倒 扣 )

※ 注意 : 請 用 2B 鉛筆 作答 於 答案 卡 , 並 先 詳 閱 答案 卡 上 之 「 畫 記 說 明 1。

1. Which of the following technology is not used in Amazon Echo or Googie Home? (A) speech recognition
(B) image recognition (C) natural language processing (D) control of room devices (E) speech synthesis.

2. Which of the following is wrong about object-oriented databases? (A) object-oriented databases are the most
widely used database model today (B) object databases store objects rather than data such as integers, strings
or real numbers (C) objects basically consist of attributes and methods (D) objects contain both executable
code and data (E) all of the above are correct (choose this only if none of the above can be chosen).

3. Which of the following is wrong about relational databases? (A) relational databases store data in tables (B)
tables consist of rows and columns (C) all table columns depend on a primary key to identify the column (D)
a table corresponds to a relation (E) all of the above are correct (choose this only if none of the above can be
chosen).

4. Which of the following SQL commands returns the number of countries of the records in the “Customers”
table (sce Table 1)?

(A) SELECT NUMBER (*) FROM Customers;

(B) SELECT COUNT (ALL country) FROM Customers;

(C) SELECT COUNT (DISTINCT country) FROM Customers;

(D) SELECT NUMBER (ALL country) FROM Customers;

(£) SELECT NUMBER (DISTINCT * country) FROM Customers;
Table | “Customers”:
fe [mee [em
| Jay Liang jay@gmail.com Taiwan
visionli@hotmail.com Taiwan
Shiao Wang swong@gmail.com

5. Which of the following SQL commands lists the number of customers in each country from the “Customers”
table (see Table 1)?

(A) SELECT NUMBER (id), country FROM Customers GROUP BY country; :
(B) SELECT NUMBER (id), country FROM Customers ORDER BY country;

(C) SELECT COUNT (id), country FROM Customers GROUP BY country;

(D) SELECT COUNT (id), country FROM Customers ASSEMBLY BY country;

(E) none of the above.

6. Which of the following types of databases has been optimized for data warehousing and OLAP (online
analytical processing) for complex analytical and ad hoc queries with a rapid execution time? (A) object-
oriented databases (B) multidimensional databases (C) crossed relational databases (D) relational object-
oriented databases (E) distributed databases.

7. Jn database terminology, a read of uncommitted data is referred to as a (A) phantom read (B) dirty read (C)

見 背面
