Be: 9 AeA 106 PEER eR
#B: %3c(B) Me: 8
fick: 5 | KS RLH AR

(B) “I Hate New Year’s Day.”

(C) “Let’s Celebrate New Year’s Day.”

() “Different New Year’s Days.”

42. What is the major problem with “dates” according to the author?
(A) They make people forget the continuity of life.

(B) They require special celebration.

(C) There are too many dates.

(D) They promote socialism.

43. The word “dazzling” in paragraph 4 is closest in meaning to

(A) stiffening (B) warming  (C) glittering (D) mellow
44, The author is most likelya_.
(A) government official (B) social outcast
_{C) conservative () revolutionary

45. The tone of the author can best be described as :
(A) neutral @) jovial (C) disapproving . (D) indifferent

Passage II

When I first encountered the name of the city of Stockholm, | little thought that I would ever visit it, never mind end up being welcomed to
it as a guest of the Swedish Academy and the Nobel Foundation. At the time I am thinking of, such an outcome was not just beyond expectation:
it was simply beyond conception. In the nineteen forties, when I was the eldest child of an ever-growing family in rural Co. Derry, we crowded
together in the three rooms of a traditional thatched farmstead and lived a kind of den-life which was more or less emotionally and intellectually
proofed against the outside world. It was an intimate, physical, creaturely existence in which the night sounds of the horse in the stable beyond
lone bedroom wall mingled with the sounds of adult conversation from the kitchen beyond the other. We took in everything that was going on, of
course - rain in the trees, mice on the ceiling, a steam train rumbling along the railway line one field back from the house - but we took it in as if
lwe were in the doze of hibernation. Ahistorical, pre-sexual, in suspension between the archaic and the modern, we were as susceptible and
impressionable as the drinking water that stood in a bucket in our scullery: every time a passing train made the earth shake, the surface of that
lwater used to ripple delicately, concentrically, and in utter silence.

But it was not only the earth that shook for us: the air around and above us was alive and signaling too. When a wind stirred in the beeches,
iit also stirred an aerial wire attached to the topmost branch of the chestnut tree. Down it swept, in through a hole bored in the corner of the
kitchen window, right on into the innards of our wireless set where a little pandemonium of burbles and squeaks would suddenly give way to the
voice of a BBC newsreader speaking out of the unexpected like a deus ex machina. And that voice too we could hear in our bedroom,
transmitting from beyond and behind the voices of the adults in the kitchen; just as we could often hear, behind and beyond every voice, the
frantic, piercing signaling of Morse code.

We could pick up the names of neighbors being spoken in the local accents of our parents, and in the resonant English tones of the
Inewsreader the names of bombers and of cities bombed, of war fronts and army divisions, the numbers of planes lost and of prisoners taken, of
casualties suffered and advances made; and always, of course, we would pick up too those other, solemn and oddly bracing words, “the enemy”
land “the allies.” But even so, none of the news of these world-spasms entered me as terror. If there was something ominous in the newscaster's
tones, there was something torpid about our understanding of what was at stake; and if there was something culpable about such political
ignorance in that time and place, there was something positive about the security I inhabited as a result of it.

46. The author begins the excerpt by____-

(A) showing gratitude (B) feigning innocence

(C) expressing surprise (@) giving condolence

47. The atmosphere of the childhood portrayed in the excerpt can best be describedas

(A) dormant (B) miserable (C) premature (D) chaotic

M8. The phrase “deus ex machina” in paragraph 2 most likely refersto__. Be aR A

