>

we

en HoeexrS 106 SHERALHEMESRARM

tA: 33(B) AR:
ma: 5 HS ALB IK

Princess, opting to take her to the Death Star for__36__. Leia proved able to__37__a mind probe, and Obi-Wan Kenobi, having received R2’s
Imessage, soon arrived with the astromech, Luke Skywalker, Han Solo, Chewbacca, and C-3PO. Vader and Obi-Wan clashed one last time, with
the Sith Lord striking down his former Master. Luke, Leia, and the heroes were able to escape, but only because the Empire allowed it: Vader had
placed a__38 __ device on their ship, which led the Empire to the Rebel’s secret base. As the Death Star closed in, the Rebels mounted an attack,
lwith Vader himself entering the fray in his TIE Advanced starfighter. Streaming through the Death Star trench and about to 39 __ the last of the
IRebels—Luke Skywalker in his X-wing—Vader and his wingmen were attacked from behind by the Millennium Falcon. Ricocheted away from

the Death Star and spun out of control, Vader was unable to stop Luke. The space station was destroyed, but Vader__40_, and he flew into the

far reaches of space.

33, (A) thief (B) theft (C) thrift (D) theater

34. (A) suspended (B) sustained. (C) suspected (D) disbanded
135. (A) sending (B) sent (C) sends (D) which sent
36. (A) intersection (B) interruption (C) interment (D) interrogation
37. (A) resist (B) resisting (C) resistance (D) resistant

38. (A) tracking (B) tractable (C) trekking (D) cracking

39. (A) see off (8) call off (C) finish off (D) take off

40. (A) contrived (B) survived (C) connived (D) revived

IV. Reading Comprehension (20%)
\Read the passages and select the best answer for the questions that follow.

Passage I

Every morning, when I wake again under the pall of the sky, I feel that for me it is New Year’s day.

That’s why I hate these New Year’s that fall like fixed maturities, which turn life and human spirit into a commercial concern
with its neat final balance, its outstanding amounts, its budget for the new management. They make us lose the continuity of life .
land spirit. You end up seriously thinking that between one year and the next there is a break, that a new history is beginning; you
make resolutions, and you regret your irresolution, and so on, and so forth. This is generally what’s wrong with dates.

They say that chronology is the backbone of history. Fine. But we also need to accept that there are four or five fundamental
Kdates that every good person keeps lodged in their brain, which have played bad tricks on history. They too are New Years’. The New
lYear’s of Roman history, or of the Middle Ages, or of the modern age. ;

And they have become so invasive and fossilizing that we sometimes catch ourselves thinking that life in Italy began in 752,
land that 1490 or 1492 are like mountains that humanity vaulted over, suddenly finding itself in a new world, coming into a new life.
So the date becomes an obstacle, a parapet that stops us from seeing that history continues to unfold along the same fundamental
unchanging line, without abrupt stops, like when at the cinema the film rips and there is an interval of dazzling light.

That’s why I hate New Year’s. I want every morning to be a new year’s for me. Every day I want to reckon with myself, and every
day I want to renew myself. No day set aside for rest. I choose my pauses myself, when I feel drunk with the intensity of life and I
want to plunge into animality to draw from it new vigor.

No spiritual time-serving. I would like every hour of my life to be new, though connected to the ones that have passed. No day
lof celebration with its mandatory collective rhythms, to share with all the strangers I don’t care about. Because our grandfathers’
grandfathers, and so on, celebrated, we too should feel the urge to celebrate. That is nauseating. .

I await socialism for this reason too. Because it will hurl into the trash all of these dates which have no resonance in our spirit
land, if it creates others, they will at least be our own, and not the ones we have to accept without reservations from our silly
lancestors.

41. Which of the following is most likely the title of this article?
(A) “Do You Love New Year’s Day?” cy # o .

