UH: 258 園 立 臺 灣 大 學 115 學 年 度 碩士 班 招生 考試 試題

AB: 資訊 科技 概論 是 號:258

RR: 6 共 4 買 之 第 3 頁
mechanism in the Transformer architecture? (A) To compress the input data into a smaller vector. (B) To allow the model to
weigh the importance of different words in a sequence relative to each other, regardless of their distance. (C) To generate random
variations of the output to increase creativity. (D) To convert text into speech. (E) To store long-term memory of previous
conversations on a hard drive.

28. | What is the core principle of the “Zero Trust” security architecture? (A) “Never trust, always verify”—no user or
device is trusted by default, even if inside the corporate network. (B) All internal traffic is trusted, but external traffic is blocked.
(C) Using only biometric authentication for all access. (D) Isolating the network from the internet completely. (E) Relying solely
on firewalls to protect the network perimeter.

29. | What is the defining characteristic of “Serverless Computing” (e.g., AWS Lambda)? (A) There are physically no
servers involved in the process. (B) The developer must manually patch and manage the operating system of the server. (C) The
cloud provider dynamically manages the allocation of machine resources, and pricing is based on the actual amount of resources
consumed by an application execution, not pre-purchased capacity. (D) It is a peer-to-peer network where every client is also a
server. (E) Use commodity-grade PCs to replace high-cost servers.

0. [___] im the field of Generative Al, what does “RAG” (Retrieval-Augmented Generation) refer to? (A) A method to generate
random answers to prevent overfitting. (B) A technique to reduce the size of the model by removing unused neurons. (C) A
training process that relies solely on reinforcement learning from human feedback. (D) A technique that optimizes the output of
an LLM by referencing an authoritative knowledge base outside its training data before generating a response. (E) An AI agent
jearns to make decisions by interacting with an environment, taking actions, and receiving rewards or penalties,

二 、 閃 答題, 共 40 分 。

DK 本 大 題 請 於 試卷 內 之 「 非 選擇 題 作答 區 」 標 明 題 號 依 序 作 答 。

Ht. The following shows an array-based implementation of ADT Stack that stores non-duplicated integers. NOTE: The stack
class has NO member function of data swapping!! All item switching or swapping operations must be implemented by
yourselft!

const int MAXSIZE = 20; // the maximal stack size :
class Stack
{
public:
// insert an integer into the stack
int push(int data);
// reverse the order of the integers in the stack
void reverse();
// vank the integers in the stack in ascending order
void rank(); mote 。
private :
int items[MAXSIZE]; // the array of the stacked integers
int top; // the index of the top item, the initial is -1
ye

a) (10 points) Write the stack: :push () function that inserts an integer into the stack. Note that the function returns -1 if either the

stack is full or the input integer has already existed in the stack; otherwise, it returns 0.
| 見 背 面
