MR: 381 國 立 臺灣 大 學 106 學 年 度 碩士 班 招生 考試 試題
. ay
科目 : 資 訊 科 技 概論 MH: 381
節 次 :6 共 頁 之 第 5 頁
mainly via polymorphism (D) the concept of “data encapsulation” is used to hide data from misuse (E) all of
the above are correct (choose this only if none of the above can be chosen).

22. Which of the following about operating systems is wrong? (A) OS X is used in Apple’s desktops/laptops (B)
Android is a mobile operating system based on the Linux kernel (C) Unix family. are open source (D)
currently Microsoft Windows dominates desktop operating systems (£) all of the above are correct (choose
this only if none of the above can be chosen). .

23. Which of the following about system development tools is wrong? (A) a class diagram is a visual
representation of a project schedule such as the project status and the length of an activity and the time spent
on completing a task. (B) a decision tree is a graph that uses a branching method to illustrate every possible
outcome of a decision (C) an entity-relationship diagram (ERD) is a graphical representation of an
information system that shows the relationship between people, objects, places, concepts or events within
that system (D) a flowchart is a type of diagram that represents an algorithm, workflow or process, showing
the steps as boxes of various kinds, and their order by connecting them with arrows (E) All of the above are
correct (choose this only if none of the above can be chosen.)

24. Which of the following technology descriptions is wrong? (A) 悠遊 卡 (Easy Card) uses NFC technology

. (B) RFID can be used in supply chain management to track products (C) animal tracking chips typically use
RFID (D) currently our ETC (Electronic Toll Collection (Taiwan) uses LTE technology to track cars (E) All
of the above are correct (choose this only if none of the above can be chosen.)

二 、 問 答題 2 題 , 每 題 分 , 共 多 分 。

請 在 答案 卷 內 依 序 作答 , 否 則 不 了 予以 計 分 。

1. When implementing the operations for a binary search tree, the notion of “inorder successor” (alternatively,

; inorder predecessor) is very useful. ;
(a) Define the notion and explain why it is needed using examples. ,
(b) Implement an algorithm in C, CH, or Java (choose one programming language) for finding the inorder
successor of a given node. The more efficient your implementation is, the more points you will be
credited.
2. Balanced search trees, such as AVL, 2-3, and red-black trees, are very efficient data structures for storing
and searching key values.
(a) Insert the key values 1, 2, 5, 7, 6, 4, and 3 (in this order) into an empty AVL (or 2-3 or red-black) tree.
Please show the resulting tree after the insertion of each key value. .
(b) Prove that the height of an AVL (or 2-3 or red-black) tree storing n key values is O(log 7).
Note again that you only need to complete the above tasks for one of the three kinds (AVL, 2-3, and red-
black) of balanced search trees. : .
2 y
試題 隨 卷 繳 回
