題 號 : 294 國 立 臺灣 大 學 113 學 年 度 碩士 班 招生 考試 試題

科目 : 資訊 科技 概論 wa 1 204

RA: 6 共 4 頁 之 第 2. 頁
that a shared resource can be accessed by only one process at a time (B) if not designed properly, a mutual exclusion mechanism
may result in starvation (C) if not designed properly, a mutual exclusion mechanism may result in deadlock (D) if not designed
properly, a mutual exclusion mechanism may result in livelock (F) all of the above are correct (choose this one only ifnone of
the above can be chosen).

10. [| refers to the process of temporary storage of data for use and execution by a device, program, or system. Data
is sent to and stored in main memory or other storage until it is requested for execution by a program or computer. (A) pipelining
(B) spooling (C) buffering (D) stacking (E) none of the above.

11. [| Which of the following is wrong about cookies? (A) cookie is stored both on user’s computer and host website GB)
cookies are created and updated when user visit websites (C) first-party cookies are generated by the visited website (@)
third-party cookies are generated by domains separate from the primary website visited (B) all the above are correct (choose this
one only if none of the above can be chosen). .

12. [____] Which of the following is wrong about Domain Name System (DNS)? (A) DNS is a hierarchical naming system (B)
DNS is a centralized naming system (C) DNS translates human readable names (for example, www.im.ntu.tw) to machine
readable IP addresses (D) .tw is a top-level domain (E) all the above are correct (choose this one only if none of the above can be
chosen).

13. [|] Which of the following is wrong about proxy servers? (A) it can help prevent cyber attacks (B) it can help improve
performance (C) proxy servers can serve as content filtering (D) a forward proxy shields servers by handling client requests,
ensuring they reach the right server, and returning the results to clients, who are unaware of the server’s direct involvement ()
all the above are correct (choose this one only if none of the above can be chosen).

14. [_] Which of the following is wrong about information security? (A) ‘C’ in CIA triad refers to confidentiality (B) ‘A’ in
CIA triad refers to availability (C) information security management describes the set of policies and procedural controls that IT
and business organizations implement to secure their informational assets against threats and vulnerabilities (D) ISOAEC
27000-series provides best practice recommendations on information security management (B) all the above are correct (choose
this one only if none of the above can be chosen). : :

15. [____] Which of the following is wrong about access control in information security? (A) identification is an assertion of who
someone is or what something is (B) authentication is the act of verifying a claim of identity (C) accountability determines what
informational resources a user is permitted to access and what actions he/she will be allowed to perform (D) role-based access
control assigns permissions to users based on their role within an organization. (E) all the above are correct (choose this one only
if none of the above can be chosen).

16. [ Which of the following is wrong about public key infrastructure (PKI)? (A) PKI uses public-key encryption (B) a
registration authority stores, issues, and signs the digital certificates (C) digital certificate is used to prove the validity of a public
key (D) RSA is an asymmetric encryption (E) all the above are correct (choose this one only if none of the above can be chosen).

17. [-__] Which of the following is wrong about Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS)? (A) Transport Layer Security
(TLS) is a cryptographic protocol designed to provide secure communication over a computer network (B) HTTPS is basically
an HTTP over TLS (C) HTTPS requires a trusted third party to sign server-side digital certificates (D) HTTPS supports a mutual
authentication mode, allowing both server and client to authenticate each other (E) all the above are correct (choose this one only
ifnone of the above can be chosen). -

18. [ Which of the following is wrong about ACID Properties in Database Management System (DBMS)? (A) ‘A’ stands
for availability (B) ‘C’ stands for consistency (C) ‘I’ stands for isolation (D) ‘D’ stands for durability (E) all the above are
correct (choose this one only if none of the above can be chosen). :

&
接 次 頁
