題 號 : 375 國 立 臺 灣 大 學 110 學 年 度 碩士 班 招生 考試 試題
Aa: 資訊 科 技 概論 題 號 :875
fick: 6 共 4 頁 之 第 2 頁
programming paradigm where programs are constructed by applying and composing functions (C)
C++ belongs to imperative programming paradigm (D) Python belongs to imperative
programming paradigm (E) all the above are correct (choose this one only if none of the above can
be chosen).

13. Cc] In programming languages, a(n) refers to a collection of rules that assign a
property to various constructs in a computer program, such as variables, expressions, functions or
modules, with the end goal of reducing the number of bugs by verifying that data is represented
properly throughout a program. (A) variable system (B) type system (C) formal system (D) logical
model (E) inference system.

14. 中 is a basic and commonly used type of predictive analysis that attempts to model
the relationship between one dependent variable and a series of other variables by fitting a linear
equation to observed data. (A) trend estimation (B) normal equations (C) linear regression (D)
decision tree (E) multivariate normal distribution.

15. Cc] In confusion matrix, let 7P be the number of true positives, FP be the number of false
positive, FN be the number of false negative, and TN be the number of true negative. Then,

woe TP TN TP TN TP
precision refers to (A) Gay (B) ape © Gm ©) Tamm © aa
. : TP+TN
16. LC] Continuous from the above question. Accuracy refers to (A) WE (B)
TN+FP TP+FN TN+FEN TP+FP
(TP+FP+TN+FNY ©) (TP+FP+TN+FN) ©) (TP+FP4+TN+EN) ©) (TP+FP+TN+FNY

17. [上 The primary purpose of a digital certificate is to prove the ownership of a (A)
public key (B) private key (C) secret key (D) security level (E) signature.

18. Co) Which of the following is wrong about HTTP cookies? (A) they are stored at server side
(B) they can be used to record last session established (C) they can be used to remember pieces of
information that users previously entered in a form (D) they can be used to authenticate users (E)
all of the above are correct (choose this one only if none of the above can be chosen).

19. Cc] The key to a content delivery network is to geographically distribute many so
that data can be accessed close to users. (A) load balance servers (B) proxy servers (C) routing
servers (D) database servers (E) file servers.

20. | refers to a method of breaking into a password-protected computer or server by
systematically entering every word in a dictionary as a password. (A) exhaustive attack (B) brute-
force attack (C) dictionary attack (D) alphabet attack (E) verbose attack.

21. LI In information security, the ‘C” in the “CIA triad” refers to (A) Consistency (B)
Certification (C) Confidence (D) Confidentiality (E) Constancy.

22. | Which of the following functions is often used in a data structure that implements an
associative array that maps keys to values? (A) bin (B) point spread (C) hash (D) deconvolution
(E) filter.

23. Cc] Compared to file systems, which of the following is not an advantage of database? (A)
separation of data definition and the problem (B) efficient access (C) data integrity (D) reduce
redundancy (E) all the above are advantage.

24. | The logical structure of a database is referred to as (A) schema (B) data dictionary (C)
template (D) data layout (E) data relation.

25. Lj In the context of transaction processing, the acronym ACID refers to the four key
properties for a database management system to have a valid transaction mechanism even in the
event of failures. In the acronym, ‘A’ refers to (A) anonymity (B) availability (C) asynchrony (D)
atomicity (E) none of the above.

26. a Which of the following is the primary purpose of mining in blockchain-based
