題 號 : 375 國 立 臺灣 大 學 110 學 年 度 碩士 班 招生 考試 試題
科目 : 資 訊 科技 概論 題 號 :375
fick: 6 共 4 頁 之 第 1 頁

一 、 思 擇 題 CEE) 28 題 , 每 題 2.5 分 , 共 分 , 請 在 每 十 的 選項 內 思 擇 最 適當 的 答案 。

注意 : 答 錯 倒 扣 1 分 。 扣 至 零 分 為 止 。( 不 答 不 倒 扣 )

※ 注意 : 請 用 2B 鉛筆 作答 於 答 罕 卡 , 並 先 詳 閱 答案 卡 上 之 「 畫 記 說 明 j。

1 世 Which of the following is wrong about the PCs you can buy nowadays? (A) floppy disc
drive is typically not equipped (B) hard disc is typically in the range of 500GB-4TB (C) CPU
clock ranges in 2-4 MHz (D) RAM is typically in the range of 4-16GB (E) all the above are
correct (choose this one only if none of the above can be chosen).

2. [_~_] Which of the following is wrong about file extension? (A) .py is a Python file (B) .bin
is a Binary disc image (C) .iso is an ISO disc image (D) .tar is a UNIX-based archive file (E) all
the above are correct (choose this one only if none of the above can be chosen).

3. [上] Which of the following is not a file format for storing images? (A) JPEG (B) PNG (C)
BMP (D) TIFF (E) all the above are image file format (choose this one only if none of the above
can be chosen).

4, [_~_] Which of the following storage is non-volatile? (A) ROM (B) RAM (C) DDR RAM (D)
SDRAM (E) all the above are non-volatile (choose this one only if none of the above can be
chosen).

5. CL] Which of the following is wrong about CPUs? (A) CPU fetches instructions directly
from RAM (B) an instruction may take several clock cycles to execute (C) ALU is the electronic
circuitry that executes all arithmetic and logical operations (D) inside CPU, registers are
temporary storage areas for instructions or data (E) all the above are correct (choose this one only
if none of the above can be chosen).

6. | Which of the following is wrong? (A) screen resolution is measured in “dpi” (B) printer
resolution is measured in “dpi” (C) Full HD refers to a resolution of 1920x1080 pixels (D) Ultra
HD refers to a screen resolution of 3840x2160 pixels (E) all the above are correct (choose this one
only ifnone of the above can be chosen).

7. ~~ ) Which of the following device allows the communication between dissimilar networks?
(A) bridge (B) gateway (C) switch (D) hub (E) router.

8. LC] Which of the following extends a private network across a public network and enables
users to send and receive data across shared or public networks as if their computing devices were
directly connected to the private network? (A) Broadband Global Area Network (B) virtual private
network (VPN) (C) Extranet (D) Intranet (E) none of the above.

9. [上 Compared to 4G technology standard for broadband cellular networks, which of the
following is not a major advantage of 5G? (A) higher data speeds (B) higher latency (C) massive
network capacity (D) increased availability (E) lower network energy usage.

10. Co Which of the following is a general-purpose, developmental, modeling Janguage in the
field of software engineering that is intended to provide a standard way to visualize the design of a
system? (A) Smalltalk (B) Object-oriented programming (C) JavaScript (D) UML (E) Perl.

11, | Which of the following is wrong? (A) assembly code is used to directly control a
computer’s CPU (B) pseudocode is a plain language description of the steps in an algorithm (C)
an interpreter is a computer program that directly executes instructions written in a programming
language (D) a scripting language is used to write a series of commands that are interpreted one by
one at runtime (E) all of the above are correct (choose this one only if none of the above can be
chosen).

12, | Which of the following is wrong? (A) imperative programming is a programming

paradigm that uses statements that change a program’s state (B) functional programming is a
見 背 面
